Add a placeholder to next public announcement (#41)
wso2/docs-security: en/docs/security-announcements/security-advisories/2023/WSO2-2023-2617.md

---
title: Security Advisory WSO2-2023-2617
category: security-announcements
---

# Security Advisory WSO2-2023-2617

!!! info todo

>     Please note that the information regarding this Security Advisory has not been publicly disclosed yet. We kindly request you to visit our customer announcement relavent to WSO2-2023-2617 through the WSO2 support portal for further information on this matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The details pertaining to this Security Advisory have not been publicly disclosed at this time. Please access the WSO2 support portal to view our customer announcement related to WSO2-2023-2617 for comprehensive information on this advisory.
```
